documents/project-charter.md, before:

# Project Charter

## Project Title

State Polytechnic of Malang Inventory Management App

## Project Purpose

The purpose of the app is to streamline the process of managing the inventory of State Polytechnic of Malang. There are many items in the inventory, and it's hard to keep track of them. The app will help the admins to manage the inventory more easily. The app will also help the students to borrow items from the inventory.

## Project Objectives

- To create a user-friendly mobile and web-based application that allows students, staff, and faculty to borrow and return items from the university inventory.
- To improve inventory management by providing tracking and reporting of item usage, availability, and maintenance needs.
- To increase transparency and accountability in the borrowing and returning process.
- To reduce manual paperwork and administrative workload associated with inventory management.
- To enhance security by implementing user authentication and authorization mechanisms.

## Project Scope

### In Scope

- The project is a web app that can be accessed by the admins of the inventory using a web browser.
- The app should have a basic authentication feature to ensure that only the authorized users can access the app.
- The app should be able to provide a way for the admins to manage the inventory, such as adding, removing, and updating the inventory.
- The admin should be able to search for items in the inventory easily.
- The app should be able to provide a way for the admins to manage the users, such as adding, removing, and updating the users.
- Students should be able to access the app to see the inventory, but they should not be able to modify the inventory.
- The app should provide a way for students to borrow items from the inventory and return them. Each item can only be borrowed for a certain amount of time.
- The admins should be able to see the history of the inventory, such as the history of the items being borrowed and returned.
- The app should never give an invalid state of the inventory, such as negative quantity of items, etc.
- The app should be able to provide a way for the admins to manage the categories of the items in the inventory.

### Out of Scope

- Integration with other systems, such as the university's student information system for Single Sign-On (SSO).
- Physical security of the inventory, such as the security of the storage room, etc.

## Stakeholders

- Project Sponsor: State Polytechnic of Malang
- Project Manager: Dicha Zelianivan Arkana
- Project Team: Dicha Zelianivan Arkana, Davis Maulana Hermanto, Muhammad Baihaqi Aulia Asy'ari, Sri Kresna Maha Dewa, Steven Christian Susanto, Yanuar Thaif Chalil Candra
- Project Customers: State Polytechnic of Malang
- Project Users: State Polytechnic of Malang staff, faculty, and students

Please note that this project is just a final project for the 3rd semester, so things like project sponsor, project customer, etc, are just fictional entities.

## Project Deliverables

- Inventory Management Application (Web App)
- Database for the app
- Documentation for the app

## Project Milestones and Timeline

TBD

## Project Risks

- Technical Challenge: The project team members are not familiar with the tech stack used in the project.
- User Adoption: The users are not familiar with the app, and they are not willing to use it.
- Security: The app is not secure enough, and it can be hacked by malicious users to steal data or cause damage to the system.
- Data Loss: The data in the app is not backed up, and it can be lost due to hardware failure, etc.
- Scope Creep: The project team members keep adding new features to the app, and the project is never finished.

## Budget

TBD. I don't think we need a budget for this project, since we're not going to buy anything and we're not going to hire anyone. It's just a final project what do you expect.

## Project Success Criteria

- Fullfill all the requirements in the project scope.
- The app is secure enough to be used in production.
- The app is user-friendly and easy to use.
- The app is well-documented.
- The app is well-tested.

Commit message:

refactor: update to room tenant system

documents/project-charter.md, after:

# Project Charter

## Project Title

Information Technology Room Tenant System

## Project Purpose

The purpose of the app is to streamline the process of borrowing rooms in JTI building for events, such as seminars, workshops, etc. The app will be used by the staff and faculty of JTI to manage the rooms and the events. The app will also be used by the students to book the rooms for their events. This app is made in hope of reducing the amount of paperwork and administrative workload being done manually.

## Project Objectives

- To create a system where the staff and faculty of JTI can manage the rooms and the events easily.
- To make it easier for students to book the rooms for their events.
- To reduce the amount of paperwork and administrative workload being done manually.
- To make the process of borrowing rooms in JTI building for events more efficient.

## Project Scope

### In Scope

- The project is a web app that can be accessed by the admins of the inventory using a web browser.
- The app should have a basic authentication feature to ensure that only the authorized users can access the app.
- The app should be able to provide a way for the admins to manage the inventory, such as adding, removing, and updating the room and event data.
- The admin and student should be able to see the list of rooms and events.
- The app should be able to provide a way for the admins to manage the users, such as adding, removing, and updating the users.
- The app should provide a way for students to borrow a room from the list. Each room can only be borrowed for a certain amount of time.
- The admins should be able to see the history of the room borrowings.
- The app should never give an invalid state such as the start of the borrowing time is after the end of the borrowing time.

### Out of Scope

- Integration with other systems, such as the university's student information system for Single Sign-On (SSO).

## Stakeholders

- Project Sponsor: State Polytechnic of Malang
- Project Manager: Dicha Zelianivan Arkana
- Project Team: Dicha Zelianivan Arkana, Davis Maulana Hermanto, Muhammad Baihaqi Aulia Asy'ari, Sri Kresna Maha Dewa, Steven Christian Susanto, Yanuar Thaif Chalil Candra
- Project Customers: State Polytechnic of Malang
- Project Users: State Polytechnic of Malang staff, faculty, and students

Please note that this project is just a final project for the 3rd semester, so things like project sponsor, project customer, etc, are just fictional entities.

## Project Deliverables

- Room Tenant System (Web App)
- Database for the app
- Documentation for the app

## Project Milestones and Timeline

TBD

## Project Risks

- Technical Challenge: The project team members are not familiar with the tech stack used in the project.
- User Adoption: The users are not familiar with the app, and they are not willing to use it.
- Security: The app is not secure enough, and it can be hacked by malicious users to steal data or cause damage to the system.
- Data Loss: The data in the app is not backed up, and it can be lost due to hardware failure, etc.
- Scope Creep: The project team members keep adding new features to the app, and the project is never finished.

## Budget

TBD. I don't think we need a budget for this project, since we're not going to buy anything and we're not going to hire anyone. It's just a final project what do you expect.

## Project Success Criteria

- Fullfill all the requirements in the project scope.
- The app is secure enough to be used in production.
- The app is user-friendly and easy to use.
- The app is well-documented.
- The app is well-tested.
